Yes stop
Don't use him
gentleman
You wouldn't really do the least to this bastard
Don't you forget that he killed your sister.
I haven't forgotten grandma
I just want to catch this man with my own hands
Avenge my sister
Good man, I leave it to you
You let me down
What are you doing?
Let go of me, lady
I am forgetting
You fool
Now all the evidence points to you
You think you called the police?
My grandma will let you go.
So you were defending me just now
I'm worried that I'll fall into your grandma's hands
He will really start with you
From now on
Just stay in the hospital
No permission.
Where is not allowed
It's only me who comes out
The user you dialed is not in service area.
Go, don't forget me
The doctor must have gone abroad with my grandmother